[DOC] update Caliptra subystem hw and integration spec. (#363)
chipsalliance/caliptra-ss: docs/CaliptraSSIntegrationSpecification.md

### Clock

> The `cptra_ss_clk_i` signal is the primary clock input for the Caliptra Subsystem. This signal must be connected to a 2400 MHz system clock to ensure proper operation.

Reviewer: 2400 MHz?

  - `caliptra-ss\src\integration\rtl\soc_address_map.h`
  - `caliptra-ss\src\integration\rtl\soc_address_map_defines.svh `

> ### Caliptra Subsystem Reference Register Map

Reviewer: Typo, but this is included in README in caliptra-rtl. Move it?

> - Here is the link to [Caliptra Subsystem Reference Registe Map](https://chipsalliance.github.io/caliptra-ss/main/regs/?p=). **Please note, any addresses are for the example purpose only**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Caliptra Subsystem Reference Register Map](https://chipsalliance.github.io/caliptra-ss/main/regs/?p=). **Please note, any addresses are for the example purpose only**.
```
